Concept:
Our intention is to make a mod that *forces* equipment to behave in realistic ways. Units should require reasonable amounts of equipment for their numbers, vehicles should go proper speeds, and the likes.
As far as resources go, Oil is measured now in bbl, while Aluminum, rubber, tungsten, steel, and chromium, in metric tons. Individual tanks should have *realistic* resource requirements, and production numbers. There's no real *obvious* indication of how many workers a "civilian factory", "naval yard" or "military factory" represent, so we'll have to look into that, and make a judgement call. States can only have 25 buildings of *all* types, at max, Various states on the map have various levels of development capping their manufacturing capabilities. Similarly, technology, particularly the "Dispersed Industry" and "Concentrated Industry" lines increase those numbers of potential buildings *upto* 25. this naturally means that we're severrely limited by how much granularity we can work with since there are 5 levels of tech (in 2 trees), and less than a dozen state development levels. I'll note, Civilian factories are what produces *other* industries, but are also abstracted to represent the consumer good manufacturing in these states. They are also in competition with synthetic oil refineries, fuel silos, rocket sites (for some reason), and nuclear reactors for the same building slots in states. There is a consideration to remove building slots and have a variable number of slots that can be produced.

There's another mod called "删除建筑槽+建筑物扩展" (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3291168236) That I'm considering integrating in, as it uncaps *all* building types (or more accurately caps buildings at 1000/state). This is possible by removing the building slots altogether and having everying be an "N/[Capacity]" deal. This is moderately more preferable, and it also adds a few extra building types I like (such as Military (Army, Navy, Air) academies to produce passive XP, academy of science giving research speed bonuses, government agencies for passive political power, and architectural institutes to increase construction speed) but it also adds medical institutes that have a non-obvious effect on manpower, a "simple arsenal workshop that *really* doesn't make sense, and basic resource producing buildings (steel, aluminum, tungsten, and chromium, as well as oil wells). As representations of needing to invest in resource production, I'm all good, but they are capped at 50, and available in all states. As such I'm iffy about including in the mod.

Update 22/07/2025:
We've made some serious progress! the game is now (nominally) playable! However resource reworking is going to pose a problem as state resources appear to be capped at 2^16 in production, which *also* implies a similar cap for overall resource numbers. If so, having realistic resource demands for equipment production is a non-starter, and having realistic production is *also* not going to work. Will get back to this when less discouraged. Still need to overhaul non-infantry equipment stats, and non-infantry unit stats.